of course it is and gilberto very good morning
nice to say hello and good is my
Tuesday and today we woke up with
with very low temperatures very
pleasant dialing the thermometer
it's only 4 22 and at the moment it
keeps the thermometer marked only 5
degrees sense so mom is in
almost good it's time to see a
movie with the family that takes advantage
these low temperatures because already for
the next few days it will recover for
today is expected to continue in
this sky is very cloudy and little by little the
temperature is recovering
reaching in the afternoon already until 17
degrees Celsius at night goes back to
lower the temperature only a little
in the 12 degrees felt so
only in this period will we be with
cold temperatures and already in the afternoon the
temperature is going to recover for
tomorrow it is expected that dawn also
with very low temperatures in the morning
between 8 and 10 degrees you will feel
those conditions for Wednesday and Thursday
maximum that will rise between 20 and
the 22 degrees centigrade as we can
observe for the next few days and the
temperature begins to recover
and well this is because the front
cold that entered our state already
is in a stage of dissipation and
It is expected that on Friday as
good come another new cold front that
again it will cause low temperatures
in nine degrees maximum of 14 and
again the probability of rain
for the weekend recovering
completely the temperature on Sunday
the temperature reaching 28
degrees felt and a sky completely
cleared so today we have to
enjoy a family movie
of course we continue to calm
i
I think that if I am my dear ernesto very
good morning we continue with the
weather forecast information and
It's a Tuesday and we have very hot temperatures
low so mom is she's in
little house point to my recipe
fellow geronimo since today
is going to prepare a vegetable stew with
res and the rich then well there are
to be eager to eat rich
warm with the children and good day
today the temperature is only
will rise in the afternoon to 17 degrees
centigrade hopes that from the
one in the afternoon approximately the
temperature begin to recover little
to little and that is because the
cold front number 37 that triggered these
temperature changes is already maintained
then in that stationary and that's how it starts
to dissipate it is expected that for
next days the temperature starts
little by little to recover as we can
observe for Wednesday and Thursday
We have minimum temperatures between
8 and the 10 degrees as we can see and
maximum that will rise between 20 and
the 22 degrees Celsius expected that
for Friday we have again another
cold front that good again
will cause a drop in temperature
and also the probability of rain
as we can observe for the weekend
the temperature is expected to recover
completely and on Saturday we have good
up to 28 almost 30 degrees felt like this
that today you have to enjoy
these low temperatures with children and
to eat very rich so we continue
with you right now so you can say
and how is this recipe for
prepare it at home